README.md, before:

# usau-py
Python utilities for scraping ultimate tournament data from USAU

This repository includes some simple python modules for scraping the USAU website for tournament results, and some utility functions to manipulate and clean this data. It also includes some examples of such data downloaded as csv files, and some jupyter notebooks illustrating some statistical visualizations gleaned from this data.

## Notebooks (via nbviewer)

* [2016 D-I College Nationals Fantasy Wrap-up](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/azjps/usau-py/blob/master/notebooks/2016_D-I_College_Nationals_Fantasy_Stats.ipynb): Winners of the [/r/ultimate fantasy contest](https://www.reddit.com/r/ultimate/comments/4l74rn/fantasy_lineup_di_college_nationals_2016/) and some overall player statistics

## Installation

To install with [setuptools](https://docs.python.org/install/):

```bash
# Check if https_proxy environment variable needs to be set
git clone https://github.com/azjps/usau-py.git
cd usau-py
./setup.py install
```

or alternatively with pip:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/azjps/usau-py.git
```

## Dependencies

This should be both python2.7 and python3 compatible, although I have not explicitly tested with python3.

See the [requirements.txt](requirements.txt); [pandas 0.13+](https://github.com/pydata/pandas) is the only main module required. pandas 0.17.1+, [jupyter](http://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), and [seaborn](https://web.stanford.edu/~mwaskom/software/seaborn/) are recommended to run and view the notebooks. beautifulsoup4 and lxml are recommended for scraping web data on-the-fly from [play.usaultimate.org](http://play.usaultimate.org), although I'd certainly accept PRs to remove these as dependencies.

Commit message:

Bugfixes with nationals_player_stats
Added a couple of command-line arguments, compute normalized (per game)
stats, and some other bugfixes.

Change-Id: I1fbc985562d85c1d40ad5d28cc33a375c5d64953

README.md, after:

# usau-py
Python utilities for scraping ultimate tournament data from USAU

This repository includes some simple python modules for scraping the USAU website for tournament results, and some utility functions to manipulate and clean this data. It also includes some examples of such data downloaded as csv files, and some jupyter notebooks illustrating some statistical visualizations gleaned from this data.

The `nationals_player_stats.py` CLI script provides a quick way to glean the top player contributions from a nationals tournament, where player statistics are tracked with some reliability.

## Notebooks (via nbviewer)

* [2016 D-I College Nationals Fantasy Wrap-up](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/azjps/usau-py/blob/master/notebooks/2016_D-I_College_Nationals_Fantasy_Stats.ipynb): Winners of the [/r/ultimate fantasy contest](https://www.reddit.com/r/ultimate/comments/4l74rn/fantasy_lineup_di_college_nationals_2016/) and some overall player statistics

## Installation

To install with [setuptools](https://docs.python.org/install/):

```bash
# Check if https_proxy environment variable needs to be set
git clone https://github.com/azjps/usau-py.git
cd usau-py
./setup.py install
```

or alternatively with pip:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/azjps/usau-py.git
```

## Dependencies

This should be both python2.7 and python3 compatible, although I have not explicitly tested with python3.

See the [requirements.txt](requirements.txt); [pandas 0.13+](https://github.com/pydata/pandas) is the only main module required. pandas 0.17.1+, [jupyter](http://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), and [seaborn](https://web.stanford.edu/~mwaskom/software/seaborn/) are recommended to run and view the notebooks. beautifulsoup4 and lxml are recommended for scraping web data on-the-fly from [play.usaultimate.org](http://play.usaultimate.org), although I'd certainly accept PRs to remove these as dependencies.
